[people screaming]
Those bastards who failed me at
the Academy don't know anything
about anything!
I'll show them all
just how strong I am!
Damn it, what a drag. And
first thing in the morning.
Who is that guy? He kinda
reminds me of you, Iwabe!
C'mon, don't lump
me in with him!
Well, look who it is! If it
isn't tough‐guy Iwabe!
I thought that I
recognized your voice!
I heard you lost a fight to that
runt and and turned over a new
leaf.
Shut up! Gimme a
break, would ya?
I remember when you used
to suck up to me all the
time back in the day!
What!? Whatever! I'm not
the same guy I used to be!
[grunt]
That was close!
Huh...?
(Boruto Thinking)
It's just like what
happened to Metal.
Just leave it alone. The adults
will take care of this guy soon
enough.
Not if I do first!
Hey, Boruto!
[blast]
[nervous grunt]
(Boruto)
You're mine!
[grunt]
It's my turn next!
[gasp] All right!
[coughing]
You're not gettin'
away that easy!
y, hold it, come back!
[gasp]
[gasps]
I don't really care either way.
But this town is so
rowdy, isn't it
Who are you...?!
[chuckle]
♪♪
This is our new
transfer student.
He's going to be studying
with the rest of you from
this point on.
Please welcome Mitsuki
to our class.
The kid from earlier...?!
Yeah, you're right,
it is that showoff!
My name's Mitsuki. I've come
here from the Hidden Sound
Village.
[worried gasps]
It's understandable if
you feel surprised...
After all, the Hidden Sound
Village was established by a
shinobi whose goal was to
destroy the Hidden Leaf.
However, all of that
is in the past.
And now... it's being
rebuilt as a new shinobi
village.
Mitsuki's here to represent our
new friendly relationship.
Hey, Boruto, did you say you
know that transfer student?
Yeah, I kinda met
him this morning.
He stopped this troublemaker in
the village before we had a
chance to.
So that must mean that he
is pretty skilled, then...
Just what sort of jutsu
is he able to he use?
I dunno.
[chuckle] I can't wait to test
him so I can find out just how
strong he really is.
[laugh]
Are you guys even
listening to me?!
The new kid's kind
of good‐looking!
Mhm!
I don't know. To tell
you the truth, he's
really not my type.
Seriously, guys?
[nervous sigh] Everyone, please
be quiet during homeroom, okay?!
[weary sigh] In any event...
please, go take a seat, Mitsuki.
[quiet gasp]
May I sit next to you?
Oh... Uh, sure! My
name's Boruto Uzumaki.
Nice to meet you, Mitsuki!
Of course. Nice to
meet you, Boruto.
Just feel free to ask me
anything you want to know, okay?
Oh, anything?
Yeah, of course!
Anything at all!
Well then, why is it that we're
the only students who don't
have a classroom?
Uhh...
[class laughing]
Oh, well uh,
that's 'cause...
We have classes outside, thanks
to a certain someone.
[groan]
Boruto's always dozing off
in class, so how does he
know how to do all that?
He's just got a knack
for it, that's all.
Heh. That was a pretty simply
problem... 'least for someone
of my abilities.
It's correct. But now use the
formula that I taught you
No way! Doing it like this
is a million times faster,
and it's more accurate, too!
But never mind about that! Give
us a problem that we can really
sink our teeth into!
Oh‐ho, really...?
As requested. Here's something
with more meat for you to chew
on.
Let's see if your method can
solve this problem, Boruto.
[grunts]
You're a sore loser,
Shino Sensei, ya know!
Huh?
Here, look... Try this. You can
calculate it as an equation of
motion.
And this way, you can
factor in air resistance.
See? Easy!
Oh! I get it now!
Mitsuki, I didn't ask you
to solve this problem.
But Boruto was having
a hard time with it.
We're supposed to teach each
other when someone doesn't
understand, right?
Yes, but it's meaningless if
they can't solve it themselves!
[groan]
[sigh] All right, that's quite
enough. Go back to your seats.
(Boruto Thinking)
Mitsuki's kinda weird.
[grunt]
[fighting grunts]
Oh what! Am I gonna beat
you in another fight?!
...You're mine!
[grunts]
Weak!
That's it! This match is over.
That oughta show you. Don't get
overconfident in battle.
I'll say! when it comes to brute
strength, no one's close to you!
Okay! Next!
(Mitsuki)
Fight me next.
Huh?
There's nothing I'd
like better, new kid.
Know yourselves
out, you two.
No holding back!
Oh, are you sure?
All right! Iwabe‐
Well, then here I come...
[grunt]
Wait, Mitsuki! I didn't
give the signal yet!
[grunt] You fight dirty...!
To be honest, I don't
really care either way.
[grunts]
Why you‐‐!
[grunt]
Not good enough!
[struggling grunt]
How's he move like that...?
He's like a snake.
[gasp] Hey, hold on...
[struggling grunts]
It's over. Release him.
Let him go! Come on! Stop!
Mitsuki! Let him go!
Are you all
right, Iwabe?
[coughing]
Why did you stop me? I
was nearly on the verge
of winning the fight.
[gasp] What?
[gasp]
Listen, just apologize
to Iwabe, all right?!
But why? You heard him.
He said no holding back.
It doesn't matter.
You went too far!
And I really don't like
that kind of fighting!
Oh really, you don't?
Of course not.
I see. Well, I don't
want you to dislike me.
I guess I overdid
it. I'm sorry.
[gasp]
(thinking)
Okay, not just "kinda"
weird. Really weird.
(Shino)
Sorry this is rather
out of the blue...
It's fine! Since retiring,
I'm pretty free!
Anyway, that's beside the point
I heard about the new kid from
the Hidden Sound,
specifically that
he's very peculiar...
Yes, he is...
And I heard that you've already
got a few troublemakers in your
class.
I guess you just
have all the luck!
I know... Maybe I'm just
not suited to be a
teacher... The reason is‐
What are you talking
about, "maybe?"
Everyone in the village
knows that you're
definitely not suited for it!
[gasp]
Even so, I truly believe you've
been working your hardest.
Do you really think so.
Look... whether one is suited
or not isn't what matters.
You can't give up over
something minor like that.
You just have to figure out
how to connect with your
students in your own way.
So, don't give up... and
do it in my own way...
Hey, Pops, another order
of fish cake, please!
Yes, it's me.
I'm fine.
Everything's going smoothly.
Things are quite interesting
here, that's for sure.
Oh, him? We've met. But we
haven't talked very much, yet.
I can't wait...
I'll soon find out...
...if he's my sun.
Good morning, everyone!
[gasps]
Sensei...?
What is with that weird outfit?
Let's get started now!
[gasps]
Today, we're going to use our
morning homeroom time to throw a
little welcoming party for
Mitsuki!
[celebration music]
What is this?
He really went overboard!
[chuckle]
Shino Sensei actually
made all of this?
I think it's a little bit
misguided, though...
All right! Here's to deeper
friendships, everyone!
[cheering]
So what are we supposed to do?
Who knows? But he went through
all this trouble. So I guess
we just have fun!
Hey, there! So what kind
of place is the Hidden
Sound Village, huh?
So, in yesterday's
practice, your defensive
moves were awesome!
Do you know any
special ninjutsu?
Well, actually, I'm skilled
at various escape jutsu.
Wow!
Also Wind Style. And
Lightning Style, too.
What? I thought the Hidden Cloud
specialized in Lightning Styles,
not the Hidden Sound.
It sounds to me like
you're just bluffing.
But it's true.
I was kinda worried when all
this first started, but... this
welcome party's actually kinda
fun!
Mhm! And it's thanks
to Aburame Sensei.
This is great! Mitsuki
is starting to blend
in, just as I hoped!
You were right, Kurenai Sensei!
It's just like you said!
I'll win over my students
in my own way.
Is everything going
okay, Aburame Sensei?
W‐What makes you say that?
You've worked so hard for
Mitsuki, Actually, you've done
so much for each and every one
of us.
I've never been especially
good with words...
It's because of the Academy and
the many friends that I made
here, that I didn't end up a
loner.
In a way... this is how
I'm repaying the Leaf
Village for that...
...by becoming an instructor.
[chuckle]
[small gasp]
Okay! For the finale, here's
a little present from me!
Huh?
[excited murmurs]
Wow, awesome!
Yeah, way to
go, Shino Sensei!
I don't get it. How
is he doing this?
Seems to be different than
my Super Beast Scroll.
Come to think of it, Shino
Sensei's ninjutsu is...
Oh, how cute!
No, wait! Don't touch that!
Huh?
[buzzing]
[screaming]
What is‐?! Th‐ They're bugs!
Hey! Go on, get away
from my snacks! Shoo!
How awful! It's
completely disgusting!
It wasn't supposed
to be like this...
Ah, the Aburame Clan's
famous Parasitic Insects.
[cry] Someone, do something!
Would you like me to do
something about the bugs?
(Denki)
Yes, anything!
Wind Style: Immense
Breakthrough.
[screaming]
[gasp]
[grunting]
[construction worker]
What are you guys doing?!
I'm sorry!
(Construction worker)
Get it together, would
you, Sensei?!
Poor Shino Sensei...
Hey, so, um... What are we
gonna do about all this?
What's the story with that guy?
Don't call him "that guy."
After all, he's still our
eacher, even if he's like that.
(Mitsuki)
Really?
[grunt]
(Iwabe)
Couldn't you tell?
[grunt]
(Mitsuki)
Is there anything he can
teach us at this point?
[screams]
They say that he was
amazing a long time ago.
Well, compared to the
other teachers, he's
not very dependable,
And he's sooo not
charismatic either.
And he's pretty boring.
[groan]
Hey, don't say stuff like
that about Shino Sensei.
I mean, look at what he did
to help welcome Mitsuki.
Welcome me? Really?
You had fun at the party,
didn't you, Mitsuki?
Did I... have fun?
Hmm.
feeling well, so we're just
going to have study hall instead
of our first period class.
[sad sigh]
Guess calling his bugs
"disgusting" was too harsh...
What do you guys
think we should do?
It'll be a drag, but we should
go and apologize to him later
on.
You're right. Are you
gonna come, too, Mitsuki?
Uh, where'd he go?
[loud crash]
[gasps]
[Construction Worker]
Hey!!
What...? Oh, no! Is
it happening again?!
I'm gonna check it out!
Hey, Boruto!
Me, too. You coming along?
What a drag.
Come on! We're
going with them.
Huh? Why's that?
I'm worried about
the snack bar!
[crashes and grunts]
Whoa!
Geez, that was close!
That guy, I think he's one of
the workers rebuilding the
school.
Argh! You keep gettin gin the
way of us fixing things! We're
never gonna finish this way!
Boruto! Is this the same thing
that happened to Metal the other
day? What is it, anyway?
I dunno, let's just focus
on stopping him! C'mon!
[freaked out gasp]
So, you can see it,
too, huh, Boruto?
Huh? Hey... hold
on. How did you‐‐?
That's right, he did
that yesterday, too.
No way. Is he the one who's been
making everyone act so weird?
[crash]
What're you doing?
I'm going in!
Wait!
C'mon! Rush him!
Let's go!
So, uh... should we go?
I saved the potato chips from
the snack bar, so I'm good.
Uh, when didi you do that?!
You know what?! I'm just gonna
destroy the whole place, so it
won't need to be repaired
anymore!
[grunt]
Be careful, guys!
Do your best Sarada!
So annoying...!
[grunts]
[grunt]
Don't get so carried away, kid.
Is that enough time, Shikadai?
(Shikadai)
Yeah...
You did just great,
Lady Sarada.
Hmph!
That's it. It's game over now.
[attack grunt]
Too bad Boruto didn't
get to have a turn.
[gasp]
Why, you brats...
You mean it didn't work?!
Don't get so carried away!
Take him down, now!
All right!
[struggling grunts]
[screaming]
You guys almost died. You
really shouldn't over do it.
Oh... uh, yeah.
[gasp]
Is it all over?
Mhm.
(Thinking)
He's so...
What's up?
It's nothing!
[uncomfortable chuckle] I'm
looking forward to working
with you, Mitsuki.
I feel the same as you, Boruto.
[excited chatter]
(Shino Thinking)
Ugh, what a mess...
Because I didn't come to class,
my students were put in danger
...and the school
was damaged again.
No matter what I do,
nothing works out...
Nothing works out.
I offer you my deepest
apologies, Principal!
(Principle Iruka)
Seems like your class is turning
out to be too much for you.
[gasp]
I mean, I know that you've
got a few problem kids...
and now that transfer student
from the Sound's been thrown
into the mix.
Principle Iruka)
If it's too difficult Shino,
I can ask Anko Sensei.
[gasp]
[deep breath]
(Thinking)
What do I have to do to get
Boruto and the others to
actually listen to me?
Or are they already beyond
listening to anything that I
might have to say?
[grunt]
I understand now. What
have I been so worried
about all this time?
(Boruto)
This is the place, right?
Yeah, it's supposed to be.
I still don't get it. Why would
Shino Sensei have us come out
here? And so early!
And why just the three of
us? Why call us for
lessons outside of school?
[bushes rustling]
Oh! Shino Sensei! You're
super late, ya know!
[gasps]
I'm sorry to have kept you
waiting, Boruto, Shikadai,
and Mitsuki.
[worried groan]
Sensei? What's up...?
All right, then... our
final lesson right now...
♪♪
(Shino)
I've had enough of not being
taken seriously by my students
and having all my hard
work backfire.
[chuckle] It seems like
everything I was worried
about was a lie...
...but now I've been liberated!
(Shikadai)
Even Shino Sensei's
acting weird!
(Boruto)
Yeah! It's just like
that time with Metal...
(Shino)
So now, I've given up on
bothering to teach you
anything more.
(Boruto)
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Final Lesson."
(Shino)
Struggle all you want.
Try to do your best.
♪♪